Update display tokens page (#1312)
MetaMask/metamask-docs: wallet/how-to/display/tokens.md

`wallet_watchAsset` provides a friendly interface that prompts users to register tokens to their
MetaMask wallet, without having to interact with contract addresses.

:::tip

> With `wallet_watchAsset`, you can prompt users to add their ERC-20 tokens and NFTs even when they

Reviewer: I think this a passive construction. Maybe...
```suggestion
"Use `wallet_watchAsse`t to prompt users to add their ERC-20 tokens and NFTs even when token autodetection or NFT autodetection is disabled."
```

Author: The intention of this tip is to expand on the benefits of using `wallet_watchAsset`. It's not necessarily an instruction, hence the wording.

have token autodetection or NFT autodetection disabled.

> Moreover, token autodetection only detects ERC-20 tokens on

Reviewer: Moreover might be extraneous. Maybe remove for brevity?
```suggestion
Token autodetection only detects ERC-20 tokens on
```

Author: It's meant to emphasize an additional benefit. Would "also" be better?
